Purpose
HTML is part of the foundation of what we will build later on. In this lab you will practice what you learned about HTML -- specifically, the declaration and structure of HTML 5, and some commonly used elements and attributes. You will also practice using a "text editor for developers" like Visual Studio Code.

Skills
The purpose of this assignment is to help you practice the following skills that are essential to your success in this course: 

Create HTML 5 documents with correct declaration and syntax.
Use absolute and relative URL to reference files at various locations.
Use HTML 5 elements to create visual display based on requirements.
Knowledge
This assignment will also help you to become familiar with the following important content knowledge in this discipline: 

HTML syntax and structure
HTML block and inline elements
HTML anchor and image elements
Deploy and access web pages on a server
Tasks
Create a folder CS3220 for all of your lab activities.
Define the structure of your lab. (remember you will be using this for all of your future labs)
For example, folder for all the assets you will use, (e.g. images, css, javascript...)
Create an HTML page index.html under your root directory
This will be the welcome page that link to all of your lab works
Something look like below image
It should have a table to show a list of all the lab works, when user click on the link, it should bring the user to that page  
Lab01-01.png
Create a folder lab1 under your root directory
Create an HTML page article.html inside lab1 folder that looks like what's shown in the following picture
Lab01-02.png
This HTML page is base on an article from https://www.health.com/apples-benefits-7643492. 
This page has a title and subtitle
The author name (i.e. Lindsey DeSoto) and the date of publish
There are two hyperlinks inside the paragraph
There are three listed items also contain hyperlinks
To create this page, you can get the text, image, and URLs from the original article and then add appropriate HTML tags.
Submission
You will zip the entire CS3220 folder and submit in this page
Grading Criteria
(10pt) index.html visually resembles the screenshot provided and meets meet the specific requirements stated in the Tasks section.
(30pt) article.html visually resembles the screenshot provided and meets meet the specific requirements stated in the Tasks section.
(10pt) folder structure can easily identify different type of assets